
Creative Commons Legal Code

CC0 1.0 Universal

    CREATIVE COMMONS CORPORATION IS NOT A LAW FIRM AND DOES NOT PROVIDE
    LEGAL SERVICES. DISTRIBUTION OF THIS DOCUMENT DOES NOT CREATE AN
    ATTORNEY-CLIENT RELATIONSHIP. CREATIVE COMMONS PROVIDES THIS
    INFORMATION ON AN "AS-IS" BASIS. CREATIVE COMMONS MAKES NO WARRANTIES
    REGARDING THE USE OF THIS DOCUMENT OR THE INFORMATION OR WORKS
    PROVIDED HEREUNDER, AND DISCLAIMS LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM
    THE USE OF THIS DOCUMENT OR THE INFORMATION OR WORKS PROVIDED
    HEREUNDER.

Statement of Purpose

The laws of most jurisdictions throughout the world automatically confer
exclusive Copyright and Related Rights (defined below) upon the creator and
subsequent owner(s) (each and all, an "owner") of an original work of authorship
and/or a database (each, a "Work").

Certain owners wish to permanently relinquish those rights to a Work for the
purpose of contributing to a commons of creative, cultural and scientific works
("Commons") that the public can reliably and without fear of later claims of
infringement build upon, modify, incorporate in other works, reuse and
redistribute as freely as possible in any form whatsoever and for any purposes,
including without limitation commercial purposes. These owners may contribute to
the Commons to promote the ideal of a free culture and the further production of
creative, cultural and scientific works, or to gain reputation or greater
distribution for their Work in part through the use and efforts of others.

For these and/or other purposes and motivations, and without any expectation of
additional consideration or compensation, the person associating CC0 with a Work
(the "Affirmer"), to the extent that he or she is an owner of Copyright and
Related Rights in the Work, voluntarily elects to apply CC0 to the Work and
publicly distribute the Work under its terms, with knowledge of his or her
Copyright and Related Rights in the Work and the meaning and intended legal
effect of CC0 on those rights.

1. Copyright and Related Rights. A Work made available under CC0 may be
   protected by copyright and related or neighboring rights ("Copyright and
   Related Rights"). Copyright and Related Rights include, but are not limited
   to, the following:

i. the right to reproduce, adapt, distribute, perform, display, communicate, and
translate a Work; ii. moral rights retained by the original author(s) and/or
performer(s); iii. publicity and privacy rights pertaining to a person's image
or likeness depicted in a Work; iv. rights protecting against unfair competition
in regards to a Work, subject to the limitations in paragraph 4(a), below; v.
rights protecting the extraction, dissemination, use and reuse of data in a
Work; vi. database rights (such as those arising under Directive 96/9/EC of the
European Parliament and of the Council of 11 March 1996 on the legal protection
of databases, and under any national implementation thereof, including any
amended or successor version of such directive); and vii. other similar,
equivalent or corresponding rights throughout the world based on applicable law
or treaty, and any national implementations thereof.

2. Waiver. To the greatest extent permitted by, but not in contravention of,
   applicable law, Affirmer hereby overtly, fully, permanently, irrevocably and
   unconditionally waives, abandons, and surrenders all of Affirmer's Copyright
   and Related Rights and associated claims and causes of action, whether now
   known or unknown (including existing as well as future claims and causes of
   action), in the Work (i) in all territories worldwide, (ii) for the maximum
   duration provided by applicable law or treaty (including future time
   extensions), (iii) in any current or future medium and for any number of
   copies, and (iv) for any purpose whatsoever, including without limitation
   commercial, advertising or promotional purposes (the "Waiver"). Affirmer
   makes the Waiver for the benefit of each member of the public at large and to
   the detriment of Affirmer's heirs and successors, fully intending that such
   Waiver shall not be subject to revocation, rescission, cancellation,
   termination, or any other legal or equitable action to disrupt the quiet
   enjoyment of the Work by the public as contemplated by Affirmer's express .

3. Public License Fallback. Should any part of the Waiver for any reason be
   judged legally invalid or ineffective under applicable law, then the Waiver
   shall be preserved to the maximum extent permitted taking into account
   Affirmer's express . In addition, to the extent the Waiver is so judged
   Affirmer hereby grants to each affected person a royalty-free, non
   transferable, non sublicensable, non exclusive, irrevocable and unconditional
   license to exercise Affirmer's Copyright and Related Rights in the Work (i)
   in all territories worldwide, (ii) for the maximum duration provided by
   applicable law or treaty (including future time extensions), (iii) in any
   current or future medium and for any number of copies, and (iv) for any
   purpose whatsoever, including without limitation commercial, advertising or
   promotional purposes (the "License"). The License shall be deemed effective
   as of the date CC0 was applied by Affirmer to the Work. Should any part of
   the License for any reason be judged legally invalid or ineffective under
   applicable law, such partial invalidity or ineffectiveness shall not
   invalidate the remainder of the License, and in such case Affirmer hereby
   affirms that he or she will not (i) exercise any of his or her remaining
   Copyright and Related Rights in the Work or (ii) assert any associated claims
   and causes of action with respect to the Work, in either case contrary to
   Affirmer's express .

4. Limitations and Disclaimers.

a. No trademark or patent rights held by Affirmer are waived, abandoned,
surrendered, licensed or otherwise affected by this document. b. Affirmer offers
the Work as-is and makes no representations or warranties of any kind concerning
the Work, express, implied, statutory or otherwise, including without limitation
warranties of title, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non
infringement, or the absence of latent or other defects, accuracy, or the
present or absence of errors, whether or not discoverable, all to the greatest
extent permissible under applicable law. c. Affirmer disclaims responsibility
for clearing rights of other persons that may apply to the Work or any use
thereof, including without limitation any person's Copyright and Related Rights
in the Work. Further, Affirmer disclaims responsibility for obtaining any
necessary consents, permissions or other rights required for any use of the
Work. d. Affirmer understands and acknowledges that Creative Commons is not a
party to this document and has no duty or obligation with respect to this CC0 or
use of the Work.

---

Note: The above license applies only to the modifications made by PlayForm to
the original work. The original work is licensed under the following licenses
and is subject to its terms and conditions:
/*!
 * The buffer module from node.js, for the browser.
 *
 * @author   Feross Aboukhadijeh <feross@feross.org> <http://feross.org>
 * @license  MIT
 */

/*!
 * Vue.js v2.6.10
 * (c) 2014-2019 Evan You
 * Released under the MIT License.
 */

/**
 * @license
 * Lodash <https://lodash.com/>
 * Copyright OpenJS Foundation and other contributors <https://openjsf.org/>
 * Released under MIT license <https://lodash.com/license>
 * Based on Underscore.js 1.8.3 <http://underscorejs.org/LICENSE>
 * Copyright Jeremy Ashkenas, DocumentCloud and Investigative Reporters & Editors
 */

/**
 * vuex v3.1.1
 * (c) 2019 Evan You
 * @license MIT
 */

/*!
 * Escaper v2.5.3
 * https://github.com/kobezzza/Escaper
 *
 * Released under the MIT license
 * https://github.com/kobezzza/Escaper/blob/master/LICENSE
 *
 * Date: Tue, 23 Jan 2018 15:58:45 GMT
 */

/*!
 * Quasar Framework v1.1.4
 * (c) 2015-present Razvan Stoenescu
 * Released under the MIT License.
 */

/*!
  * vue-router v3.1.3
  * (c) 2019 Evan You
  * @license MIT
  */

/*! https://mths.be/he v1.2.0 by @mathias | MIT license */

/*! https://mths.be/punycode v1.4.1 by @mathias */

/*!*******************************************************************************************************************!*\
  !*** ./node_modules/css-loader/dist/cjs.js!./node_modules/sass-loader/lib/loader.js!./src/themes/dark/index.scss ***!
  \*******************************************************************************************************************/

/*! no static exports found */

/*! ../../../node_modules/css-loader/dist/runtime/api.js */

/*!**********************************************************************************************************************!*\
  !*** ./node_modules/css-loader/dist/cjs.js!./node_modules/sass-loader/lib/loader.js!./src/themes/default/index.scss ***!
  \**********************************************************************************************************************/

/*!*********************************************************************************************************************!*\
  !*** ./node_modules/css-loader/dist/cjs.js!./node_modules/sass-loader/lib/loader.js!./src/themes/forest/index.scss ***!
  \*********************************************************************************************************************/

  !*** ./node_modules/css-loader/dist/cjs.js!./node_modules/sass-loader/lib/loader.js!./src/themes/neutral/index.scss ***!

/*!*****************************************************!*\
  !*** ./node_modules/css-loader/dist/runtime/api.js ***!
  \*****************************************************/

/*!******************************************************!*\
  !*** ./node_modules/node-libs-browser/mock/empty.js ***!
  \******************************************************/

/*!***********************************************!*\
  !*** ./node_modules/path-browserify/index.js ***!
  \***********************************************/

/*! ./../process/browser.js */

/*!*****************************************!*\
  !*** ./node_modules/process/browser.js ***!
  \*****************************************/

/*!***********************************!*\
  !*** (webpack)/buildin/module.js ***!
  \***********************************/

/*!**********************!*\
  !*** ./package.json ***!
  \**********************/

/*! exports provided: name, version, description, main, keywords, scripts, repository, author, license, standard, dependencies, devDependencies, files, yarn-upgrade-all, default */

/*!***********************!*\
  !*** ./src/config.js ***!
  \***********************/

/*! exports provided: setConfig, getConfig */

/*!***************************************!*\
  !*** ./src/diagrams/class/classDb.js ***!
  \***************************************/

/*! exports provided: addClass, clear, getClass, getClasses, getRelations, addRelation, addMember, addMembers, cleanupLabel, lineType, relationType, default */

/*! ../../logger */

/*!*********************************************!*\
  !*** ./src/diagrams/class/classRenderer.js ***!
  \*********************************************/

/*! exports provided: setConf, draw, default */

/*! d3 */

/*! dagre-layout */

/*! graphlibrary */

/*! ./classDb */

/*! ./parser/classDiagram */

  !*** ./src/diagrams/class/parser/classDiagram.jison ***!

/*! fs */

/*! path */

/*! ./../../../../node_modules/process/browser.js */

/*! ./../../../../node_modules/webpack/buildin/module.js */

/*!******************************************!*\
  !*** ./src/diagrams/flowchart/flowDb.js ***!
  \******************************************/

/*! exports provided: addVertex, addLink, updateLinkInterpolate, updateLink, addClass, setDirection, setClass, setLink, getTooltip, setClickEvent, bindFunctions, getDirection, getVertices, getEdges, getClasses, clear, defaultStyle, addSubGraph, getDepthFirstPos, indexNodes, getSubGraphs, firstGraph, default */

/*! @braintree/sanitize-url */

/*! ../../utils */

/*! ../../config */

/*!************************************************!*\
  !*** ./src/diagrams/flowchart/flowRenderer.js ***!
  \************************************************/

/*! exports provided: setConf, addVertices, addEdges, getClasses, draw, default */

/*! ./flowDb */

/*! ./parser/flow */

/*! dagre-d3-renderer */

/*! dagre-d3-renderer/lib/label/add-html-label.js */

/*!**************************************************!*\
  !*** ./src/diagrams/flowchart/parser/flow.jison ***!
  \**************************************************/

/*!***************************************!*\
  !*** ./src/diagrams/gantt/ganttDb.js ***!
  \***************************************/

/*! exports provided: clear, setAxisFormat, getAxisFormat, setDateFormat, enableInclusiveEndDates, endDatesAreInclusive, getDateFormat, setExcludes, getExcludes, setTitle, getTitle, addSection, getSections, getTasks, addTask, findTaskById, addTaskOrg, setLink, setClass, setClickEvent, bindFunctions, default */

/*! moment-mini */

/*!*********************************************!*\
  !*** ./src/diagrams/gantt/ganttRenderer.js ***!
  \*********************************************/

/*! ./parser/gantt */

/*! ./ganttDb */

/*!***********************************************!*\
  !*** ./src/diagrams/gantt/parser/gantt.jison ***!
  \***********************************************/

/*!*****************************************!*\
  !*** ./src/diagrams/git/gitGraphAst.js ***!
  \*****************************************/

/*! exports provided: setDirection, setOptions, getOptions, commit, branch, merge, checkout, reset, prettyPrint, clear, getBranchesAsObjArray, getBranches, getCommits, getCommitsArray, getCurrentBranch, getDirection, getHead, default */

/*! lodash */

/*!**********************************************!*\
  !*** ./src/diagrams/git/gitGraphRenderer.js ***!
  \**********************************************/

/*! ./gitGraphAst */

/*! ./parser/gitGraph */

/*!************************************************!*\
  !*** ./src/diagrams/git/parser/gitGraph.jison ***!
  \************************************************/

/*!*************************************!*\
  !*** ./src/diagrams/info/infoDb.js ***!
  \*************************************/

/*! exports provided: setMessage, getMessage, setInfo, getInfo, default */

/*!*******************************************!*\
  !*** ./src/diagrams/info/infoRenderer.js ***!
  \*******************************************/

/*! ./infoDb */

/*! ./parser/info */

/*!*********************************************!*\
  !*** ./src/diagrams/info/parser/info.jison ***!
  \*********************************************/

/*!*******************************************!*\
  !*** ./src/diagrams/pie/parser/pie.jison ***!
  \*******************************************/

/*!***********************************!*\
  !*** ./src/diagrams/pie/pieDb.js ***!
  \***********************************/

/*! exports provided: default */

/*!*****************************************!*\
  !*** ./src/diagrams/pie/pieRenderer.js ***!
  \*****************************************/

/*! ./pieDb */

/*! ./parser/pie */

/*!************************************************************!*\
  !*** ./src/diagrams/sequence/parser/sequenceDiagram.jison ***!
  \************************************************************/

/*!*********************************************!*\
  !*** ./src/diagrams/sequence/sequenceDb.js ***!
  \*********************************************/

/*! exports provided: addActor, addMessage, addSignal, getMessages, getActors, getActor, getActorKeys, getTitle, clear, LINETYPE, ARROWTYPE, PLACEMENT, addNote, setTitle, apply, default */

/*!***************************************************!*\
  !*** ./src/diagrams/sequence/sequenceRenderer.js ***!
  \***************************************************/

/*! exports provided: bounds, drawActors, setConf, draw, default */

/*! ./svgDraw */

/*! ./parser/sequenceDiagram */

/*! ./sequenceDb */

/*!******************************************!*\
  !*** ./src/diagrams/sequence/svgDraw.js ***!
  \******************************************/

/*! exports provided: drawRect, drawText, drawLabel, drawActor, anchorElement, drawActivation, drawLoop, drawBackgroundRect, insertArrowHead, insertSequenceNumber, insertArrowCrossHead, getTextObj, getNoteRect, default */

/*!***********************!*\
  !*** ./src/logger.js ***!
  \***********************/

/*! exports provided: LEVELS, logger, setLogLevel */

/*!************************!*\
  !*** ./src/mermaid.js ***!
  \************************/

/*! he */

/*! ./mermaidAPI */

/*! ./logger */

/*! sequence config was passed as #1 */

/*! Check if previously processed */

/*!
   * Wait for document loaded before starting the execution
   */

/*!***************************!*\
  !*** ./src/mermaidAPI.js ***!
  \***************************/

/*! exports provided: encodeEntities, decodeEntities, default */

/*! scope-css */

/*! ../package.json */

/*! ./config */

/*! ./utils */

/*! ./diagrams/flowchart/flowRenderer */

/*! ./diagrams/flowchart/parser/flow */

/*! ./diagrams/flowchart/flowDb */

/*! ./diagrams/sequence/sequenceRenderer */

/*! ./diagrams/sequence/parser/sequenceDiagram */

/*! ./diagrams/sequence/sequenceDb */

/*! ./diagrams/gantt/ganttRenderer */

/*! ./diagrams/gantt/parser/gantt */

/*! ./diagrams/gantt/ganttDb */

/*! ./diagrams/class/classRenderer */

/*! ./diagrams/class/parser/classDiagram */

/*! ./diagrams/class/classDb */

/*! ./diagrams/git/gitGraphRenderer */

/*! ./diagrams/git/parser/gitGraph */

/*! ./diagrams/git/gitGraphAst */

/*! ./diagrams/info/infoRenderer */

/*! ./diagrams/info/parser/info */

/*! ./diagrams/info/infoDb */

/*! ./diagrams/pie/pieRenderer */

/*! ./diagrams/pie/parser/pie */

/*! ./diagrams/pie/pieDb */

/*!***********************************************!*\
  !*** ./src/themes sync ^\.\/.*\/index\.scss$ ***!
  \***********************************************/

/*!************************************!*\
  !*** ./src/themes/dark/index.scss ***!
  \************************************/

/*! !../../../node_modules/css-loader/dist/cjs.js!../../../node_modules/sass-loader/lib/loader.js!./index.scss */

/*!***************************************!*\
  !*** ./src/themes/default/index.scss ***!
  \***************************************/

/*!**************************************!*\
  !*** ./src/themes/forest/index.scss ***!
  \**************************************/

/*!***************************************!*\
  !*** ./src/themes/neutral/index.scss ***!
  \***************************************/

/*!**********************!*\
  !*** ./src/utils.js ***!
  \**********************/

/*! exports provided: detectType, isSubstringInArray, interpolateToCurve, default */

/*!******************************************!*\
  !*** external "@braintree/sanitize-url" ***!
  \******************************************/

/*!*********************!*\
  !*** external "d3" ***!
  \*********************/

/*!************************************!*\
  !*** external "dagre-d3-renderer" ***!
  \************************************/

/*!****************************************************************!*\
  !*** external "dagre-d3-renderer/lib/label/add-html-label.js" ***!
  \****************************************************************/

/*!*******************************!*\
  !*** external "dagre-layout" ***!
  \*******************************/

/*!*******************************!*\
  !*** external "graphlibrary" ***!
  \*******************************/

/*!*********************!*\
  !*** external "he" ***!
  \*********************/

/*!*************************!*\
  !*** external "lodash" ***!
  \*************************/

/*!******************************!*\
  !*** external "moment-mini" ***!
  \******************************/

/*!****************************!*\
  !*** external "scope-css" ***!
  \****************************/
